inside this box is the main gear element
it's a laptop that is thin
it's light
and
oh my
god at this thing
it's powerful
and also really easy to unbox
wow
they really simplify things for you
don't they
talk about your no frills thanks man
gear for sponsoring this video
let's take a look at it shall we
[Music]
starting on the outside the element has
a surprisingly understated look given
the performance that it's got on the
inside so you've just got a silk
screened main gear logo here a little
bit of i o at the back got your hdmi got
your gigabit ethernet got your
thunderbolt a handful of usb 3 type a's
and an sd card reader and then a whack a
ventilation on the bottom along with all
those stickers that used to be on the
palm rests but now thankfully they're
hiding away where we don't have to see
them the hinge is a one finger lift
design which is really nice it stays
exactly where you say and there's a
little bit of flex on the display up
here but given how thin it is i don't
know what else they would have done
because overall
for an rtx 2070 max cubase machine this
thing is pretty darn felt and actually
surprisingly light we asked them what
the material was made out of was because
we couldn't really put our finger on it
and it turns out it's not actually
plastic it's a magnesium alloy that's
part of what keeps the weight of the
machine down on the inside still
understated
but if you're into that rgb you have the
option of lighting up the keyboard even
though the rest of the machine just
looks
like perfectly at home in a board room
oh actually there's the light bar here
as well but
like the keyboard you can turn that off
with it fired up some of the other
features are immediately obvious so the
bezels are nice and slim and this is
cool they've managed to keep the top
bezel from getting super thick while
still including a top mounted webcam and
windows hello facial recognition with
the ir camera that is a really
really nice inclusion and something that
honestly i think should be on basically
every laptop over a thousand dollars
it's so cool just opening up hey it's
you and off you go the display is 15.6
inch and runs at 144 hertz which as we
showed in our recent video has a
competitive advantage over 60 hertz it's
actually
surprising how much of a difference it
makes and
actually the viewing angles well you
guys can see them for yourselves man i
am so glad
that we are done with trash tier tn
displays on these gaming monitors now we
get to have the best of both worlds
as for the rgb backlighting on the
keyboard it's all controlled using this
app what's it called node control center
so you can set up a bunch of different
colors if you want you can set up
effects and you can control the
brightness if you're just on one of the
more simple profiles just using the
hotkey so there's five brightness
settings including off so i guess that's
four brightness settings and one
darkness setting
surprisingly the node control center is
the only quote-unquote bloatware that
was pre-installed on this thing
other than the keyboard it controls the
rgb settings for the light bar
some overclocking profiles quick
settings for things like the display
color profile mode and it's got a little
system monitor in it it did not suck up
a ton of resources which was really nice
to see and even then if you don't feel
like opening it for the performance
profiles they've actually got a
dedicated button right here next to the
power button that will cycle those for
you aside from the rgb lighting the
keyboard has some other interesting
features too it's actually got optical
key switches which if you want to learn
more about we've got a tech quickie here
but basically it's a different way of
actuating the keys and you can actually
probably hear them
they've got a nice long stroke and a
pretty clicky feel i do think that the
keycap stabilization could be better but
there is minimal to no deck flex on this
thing which is absolutely not a given as
for the track pad thankfully it's a
windows precision model and it tracks as
you would expect for one of those which
is to say it
feels nice
and so even if it's not a macbook
this is about as good as it gets on
windows and as a bonus it's glass topped
well that's not bad
we're getting well in excess of 100 fps
running at 1080p all high presets on
tomb raider you turn the motion blur off
right nicolas
good good now you can hear the fans
kicking in a little bit of course we are
running in
red line mode
but like come on you were gonna put
headphones on anyway right
yeah i can still hear the fans over the
speakers
so yeah headphones
no problem
good stereo separation though
it always surprises me how
different the implementations tend to be
sometimes you get speakers that are
right up here forward firing and the
stereo separation sucks and other times
you get side firing and downward firing
ones that actually really sound like
there's
bird noises coming at you from over here
yeah that's not bad actually where is he
though well there he is that's actually
pretty impressive did you try that
there's that sound blaster logo on the
bottom so they're using sound blaster
cinema 5 which i hadn't really given any
thought to because i've never tried it
before but
it's pretty cool actually
now after running for a while it looks
like we are up against some thermal
constraints so we're down to closer to
90 to 100 fps but that is still
extremely respectable in this game
we're also getting a little bit toasty
although it's mostly concentrated up
near the top of the keyboard and doesn't
make its way down past the maybe the top
of the w key toasty like this wonderful
ltt sweater ltt store.com all right i
got this i got this ladies and gentlemen
oh yeah i hit a guy wait what happened
i swear i hit him
ah yes okay well that's what happened
there
oh enemy uavs those sound bad oh and
we're dead oh wow look at that we both
wow our bodies hit the ground at the
same time once again the lesson is
oh there's land mines cool
well i'm just to go under here what do i
care
about
yeah take that loser
well all right well i got two kills um
so yeah it's not going to turn you into
an epic gamer overnight
but it felt real smooth actually felt
really good and this is on all high
details right i don't think i mentioned
this already but it's got a core i7
9750h so it's a six core 12 thread
processor and i fired up the blender
benchmark to see how its turbo responds
now it boosts up to four
four plus gigahertz when you're just
hitting it with something really really
short but you can see it's falling down
a little bit so we're at about 3.8
gigahertz right now and i'm expecting
after a minute or two it's going to come
even lower than that that's expected on
mobile chips and actually so far it's
doing very respectably and there it is
our steady state is around 3.4 high
gigahertz which
i mean compared to like a super thick
gaming laptop
maybe not that impressive but for
something this thin
pretty darn respectable making this unit
even more interesting is the fact that
nvidia's studio drivers now exist for
the rtx 2070 max q that's inside making
it actually feasible as a mobile
workstation especially because thanks to
thunderbolt 3 which i know a lot of
people don't feel as strongly about as i
do means that you can actually expand it
with external cards like if you needed
10 gigabit networking for example
um
now it's time to open it up check this
out my new office
swamp
just like that
oh good the patient is asleep wow
they're like not even trying to get keep
me out of this thing hey
10 screws and
oh where is it hey there we go
pippity pop off the bottom comes
now it's still a laptop so you're not
going to be doing a ton of upgrading but
you've got access to your dim slots both
of which are populated that takes care
of the 32 gigs of ram that's
pre-installed running in dual channel
and this is nice you've got an empty m.2
if you wanted to add more storage down
the line so the one they're using in
here is uh an intel 660p series
cool dominating the internals though is
actually this massive battery so this is
rated at 91.2 watt hours which maingear
says will give you about 10 hours of use
now to be clear that is not while you
are gaming that is why you are looking
like a bees in this professional with
your rgb keyboard turned off but it's
still nice to have because i don't know
turn back on whoops i don't know about
you but i think it's good to be able to
use a laptop for more than just games
i love that we put it back together our
render is going again it's a fast laptop
it's thin it's light it's easily
cleanable you can make a couple of
choice upgrades and you can get your
very own at the link below thank you to
maingear for sponsoring this video
thanks to you guys for watching it if
you're looking for something else to
watch right now we've actually got uh
what do we have oh we've got a gaming
monitor buyer's guide that you guys are
going to want to check out we'll have
that linked down below